Remove unused code and update README (#4)
autonomys/subspace-chain-alerts: README.md

## Subspace Chain Alerts (PoC)

Important event alerts for Subspace blockchains.

### Status: Proof of Concept

- This repository is in a PoC state. Interfaces, configuration, and behavior may change without notice.
- Hardcoded settings are used for speed of iteration (Slack channel, WebSocket URL, thresholds, etc.).

### What it does currently

- Connects to a local Subspace node over WebSocket (`ws://127.0.0.1:9944`).
- Keeps runtime metadata up to date via a background updater.
- Posts Slack messages to a test channel when:
  - The process launches and connects to the node (first observed block).
  - Any `Sudo::*` extrinsic is included in a best block.
  - Any `Balances::force*` extrinsic is included.

>   - Any `Balances::*` extrinsic whose transfer value exceeds a high threshold.

Reviewer: I would prefer to track the available checks on the ticket, rather than repeating them in the README. This list will quickly go out of date, and maintaining it in the README will cause merge conflicts.

We also talk about the first block message below, no need to repeat that in detail here.

> - Slack messages include block height, time, hash, and the chain genesis hash, plus a truncated view of extrinsic bytes and decoded fields for quick triage.

Reviewer: This level of detail is unnecessary
```suggestion
- Slack messages include block height, time, hash, and the chain genesis hash, plus a truncated view of decoded extrinsic fields for quick triage.
```

- Rate-limited Slack client with generous retries to avoid message loss on transient failures.

> ### Current defaults and hardcoded values

Reviewer: I don't see much point in this entire section. The defaults are available at the top of the Rust file, they aren't important enough to repeat them here in detail.

- Slack OAuth secret file path: `slack-secret` (file-based secret, not env vars).
- Slack Workspace (team) ID: `T03LJ85UR5G` (Autonomys workspace).
- Slack channel: `chain-alerts-test` (resolved to channel ID at startup).
- Bot name and icon: "Teor's Chain Alerts Tester" and `:flag-au:`.
- Node WebSocket: `ws://127.0.0.1:9944`.

> - Amount unit: `AI3` (1 AI3 = 10^18 planck-like units).

Reviewer: Calling this a hard coded value is misleading, it's a protocol constant.

- Alert threshold for large balance changes: `1_000_000 AI3`.
- Slack API retries: 30; request throttle: 2s; channel list page limit: 1000.

### Security notes

- The Slack OAuth token is loaded from a file and must be readable only by the current user.
  - On Unix, the process enforces `0400` or `0600` permissions. Other modes cause a panic at startup.
- The token is wrapped and zeroized on drop to reduce in-memory exposure.

> - Do not commit the token; keep it out of version control and CI logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do not commit or log the token. The .gitignore and debug impl handle this by default.
```

### Limitations (PoC)

- Hardcoded Slack channel, workspace ID, bot name/icon, node URL, and thresholds.

> - Best blocks subscription only; no finalized block selection logic yet.

Reviewer: This is incorrect or misleading, we deliberately don't wait for blocks to finalise before alerting.
